c:\users\michaeli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImgR\ImgR\bin\Debug\ImgR.dll.config
c:\users\michaeli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImgR\ImgR\bin\Debug\ImgR.dll
c:\users\michaeli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImgR\ImgR\bin\Debug\ImgR.pdb
c:\users\michaeli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImgR\ImgR\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\michaeli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImgR\ImgR\bin\Debug\Elmah.dll
c:\users\michaeli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImgR\ImgR\bin\Debug\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
c:\users\michaeli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImgR\ImgR\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\michaeli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImgR\ImgR\obj\Debug\ImgR.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\michaeli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImgR\ImgR\obj\Debug\ImgR.dll
c:\users\michaeli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImgR\ImgR\obj\Debug\ImgR.pdb
c:\users\michaeli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImgR\ImgR\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\michaeli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImgR\ImgR\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\michaeli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImgR\ImgR\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\michaeli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImgR\ImgR\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\michaeli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImgR\ImgR\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\michaeli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImgR\ImgR\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\michaeli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImgR\ImgR\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\michaeli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImgR\ImgR\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\michaeli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImgR\ImgR\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\michaeli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImgR\ImgR\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\michaeli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImgR\ImgR\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\michaeli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImgR\ImgR\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\michaeli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImgR\ImgR\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\michaeli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImgR\ImgR\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\michaeli\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ImgR\ImgR\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
